Do you want to stay here?
for like to settle or do you prefer to go somewhere else? Do you prefare?
mmm...
I don't know.
It's like all of my family's like based here.
yeah,,
You know like explore a little bit for this family that only stays in one area
yeah
And I don't know. I don't know if this is a good evaluation.
But feels like if I don't go anywhere it feels like I'm not validating
Because like also I'm doing music
So it's like it's like
I don't know. It just it would it's made with seem like I'm like making progress
school if I go somewhere.
I surely know, everything is ***but it should feels like
Yeah, cuz everyone else is doing like bio
Decide or like***
Uhhh. I always joke about Julia. huhu
For lowkey huh
I think I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try for rice again.
To get my revenge, take care. huhu
hahahahuh
To went there as huhuhaha
And easily, basically the same
I sh sh sh
ohhhh....
I don't think so.
Maybe.
It's not a bad school. It's not a bad school, it's just the campus is just...
Not an angle. The New Michigan.
Remove shell, yeah or the...
Maybe. You'll try, you know?
Northwestern is good.
May i think it's worth a shot. I think I'll try again too.
Huhahahu
ohh....
not chredish
Their orchestral program.
You just look at the top. huhahah
Maybe this is too like repetitive, but maybe bombs .huh
Quetch
yeah..you're right
I can't do it though
Would you try Europe?
Would you try France? huhuhau
yeah
don't do..
You don't want to take french?
Really?
Is it?
oh
But it it's closer to English.
French is closer to English. That's easy to learn
They need a try
you
Would you try? What is it? That one in London?
I th.